## The files in this folder are organized as follows:

    General
        clean.sh : remove some useless files.
        compile_and_run_mkldnn.sh : compile MKL-DNN code and run it.
        compile_and_run_mkl.sh : compile MKL code and run it.
        configure.h: define some configuration constants.

    Tiramisu
        spconv_generator.cpp: Tiramisu code generator.

    Wrapper
        spconv_wrapper.cpp: wrapper file that calls the code generated by Tiramisu for sparse weights convolution.

    Intel MKL-DNN
        mkldnn_dense_convolution.cpp : code that calls Intel MKL-DNN's dense convolution.

    Intel MKL
        mkl_dense_convolution.c: code that calls Intel MKL's dense convolution.

    Intel MKL Sparse
        spconv_generator_mkl_sparse.cpp : code that performs sparse convolution using im2col and MKL Sparse's spmm.

# To run this benchmark:
## Run with random weights values
    At the directory build/benchmarks/DNN/layers/convolution/direct/sparse_patterns execute
	    make

    spconv_wrapper executable will be created in the current directory.
    To compare results, you need first to go to configure.h and set WRITE_RESULTS_TO_FILE and CHECK_CORRECTNESS to 1
    To run with random values for weights set IMPORT_CSR_FROM_FILE to 0


    To compare the result of tiramisu with MKL-DNN execute :
        ./compile_and_run_mkldnn.sh
    then
        ./spconv_wrapper_patterns

    To compare the result of tiramisu with MKL execute :
        ./compile_and_run_mkl.sh intel64 (depending on architecture)
    then
        ./spconv_wrapper_patterns

    To compare the result of tiramisu with MKL Sparse execute :
        ./compile_and_run_mkl_sparse.sh intel64 (depending on architecture)
    then
        ./spconv_wrapper_patterns

    execution results could be found in the text files :
        mkl_result.txt (same for Intel MKL, Intel MKL-DNN and MKL Sparse)
        tiramisu_result.txt

## Run with weights values imported from a file
  To run with values imported from a file set IMPORT_CSR_FROM_FILE to 1
    - You must provide dense weights through a .npy file which contains the weights tensor serialized using numpy.
    - You can then use the convert_dense_to_csr.py script to create a file that contains a sparse csr representation of your dense weights.
    - You need to set the layer parameters in configure.h for your layer, this is needed by the tiramisu generator to generate fast specialized code.
    - Compile the tiramisu code.
    - Run mkldnn code ./compile_and_run_mkldnn.sh
    - Run tiramisu wrapper ./spconv_wrapper_patterns
